feat(ai): Add AgentPlatformBackend and deprecate VertexAIBackend (#10184)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: docs-devsite/ai.promptfeedback.md

|  Property | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [blockReason](./ai.promptfeedback.md#promptfeedbackblockreason) | [BlockReason](./ai.md#blockreason) |  |

> |  [blockReasonMessage](./ai.promptfeedback.md#promptfeedbackblockreasonmessage) | string | A human-readable description of the <code>blockReason</code>.<!-- -->This property is only supported in the AgentPlatform API ([AgentPlatformBackend](./ai.agentplatformbackend.md#agentplatformbackend_class)<!-- -->). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  [blockReasonMessage](./ai.promptfeedback.md#promptfeedbackblockreasonmessage) | string | A human-readable description of the <code>blockReason</code>.<!-- -->This property is only supported in the Agent Platform Gemini API ([AgentPlatformBackend](./ai.agentplatformbackend.md#agentplatformbackend_class)<!-- -->). |
```

A human-readable description of the `blockReason`<!-- -->.

> This property is only supported in the AgentPlatform API ([AgentPlatformBackend](./ai.agentplatformbackend.md#agentplatformbackend_class)<!-- -->).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is only supported in the Agent Platform Gemini API ([AgentPlatformBackend](./ai.agentplatformbackend.md#agentplatformbackend_class)<!-- -->).
```
